docs(components):  improve data list docs (#1572)
GetJobber/atlantis: docs/components/DataList/DataList.stories.mdx

If you need to add more information, consider using the
[DataTable](?path=/story/components-lists-and-tables-datatable-docs--page)
component instead.

## Implementation guidelines

Since DataList is a large component, we use a mixture of compound components and
props to separate each part of the component.

> ## Main wrapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Main wrapper
```

Author: I was actually doing this so it shows up on the TOC haha

DataList is the main component that holds everything and important props.

<ArgsTable of={DataList} />

> ## Layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Layout
```

It also supports different `size` breakpoints so you can completely change the
component it's using depending on the window size.

It is also important to add the type of `DataListItem<typeof data>` on the
`item` param in the layout so you can easily access the known data.

```tsx
// You can have 1 responsive layout
<DataList>
  <DataList.Layout>
    {/* Declare the type of the item */}
    {(item: DataListItem<MyDataType>) => (
      <Grid>
        <Grid.Cell size={{ xs: 12 md: 6 }}>{item.name}</Grid.Cell>
        <Grid.Cell size={{ xs: 12 md: 6 }}>{item.email}</Grid.Cell>
      </Grid>
    )}
  </DataList.Layout>
</DataList>

// Or you can have multiple layouts per breakpoint
<DataList>
  <DataList.Layout size="xs">
    {(item: DataListItem<MyDataType>) => (
      <Grid>
        <Grid.Cell size={{ md: 6 }}>{item.name}</Grid.Cell>
        <Grid.Cell size={{ md: 6 }}>{item.email}</Grid.Cell>
      </Grid>
    )}
  </DataList.Layout>

  <DataList.Layout size="md">
    {(item: DataListItem<MyDataType>) => (
      <Content>
        <div>{item.name}</div>
        <div>{item.email}</div>
      </Content>
    )}
  </DataList.Layout>
</DataList>
```

<ArgsTable of={DataList.Layout} />

> ## Per item action(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Item actions
```

Maybe debatable, but I think just saying "item actions" maps better to the actual component

DataList.ItemActions allows you to add an action on the item itself such as

> `onClick` or `url`. While the DataList.ItemAction (without an s) child adds more

Reviewer: I don't fully understand this guidance

Reviewer: So `ItemActions` is a wrapper for `ItemAction`?

Author: Yup and also item actions also have props that enables the row click to navigate, etc.

I did struggle to write this one haha

Reviewer: Even looking at the example it's a little hard to follow

It looks like `ItemActions` handles the entire row action, but it's just one action, so the plural name is confusing.

And then it wraps individual `ItemAction` actions

So I would expect a relationship like BottomSheet/BottomSheetOption, but it feels like they're actually more decoupled than that?

Author: yeah, a bit more decouple in a sense that you're just telling the data list that here are the list of actions you could do in this item. Also you can fire this onClick if you click the item itself.

I see what you're saying tho that maybe the row click should be its own compound

Reviewer: OK so maybe this is a clearer way to break it down...

> DataList.ItemActions defines the action that will occur when the user clicks on the list item.
> 
> Provide a DataList.ItemAction for each additional action that you want to add. These additional actions should be presented in a context menu.

Or something like that?

action that is related to the item.

```tsx
<DataList>
  <DataList.ItemActions onClick={item => alert(item.name)}>
    <DataList.ItemAction icon="edit" label="Edit" onClick={} />
    <DataList.ItemAction icon="delete" label="Delete" onClick={} />
  </DataList.ItemActions>
</DataList>
```

<Tabs>
  <Tab label="DataList.ItemActions">
    <ArgsTable of={DataList.ItemActions} />
  </Tab>
  <Tab label="DataList.ItemAction">
    <ArgsTable of={DataList.ItemAction} />
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

> ## Layout actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Layout actions
```

By default, the actions from the DataList.ItemActions will be placed on the top
right of the list item and will be triggered by hover. You can change this
behaviour by including the DataList.LayoutActions component inside the
DataList.Layout component.

```tsx
<DataList>
  <DataList.Layout>
    {(item: DataListItem<MyDataType>) => (
      <>
        <Grid>
          <Grid.Cell size={{ xs: 12 md: 6 }}>{item.name}</Grid.Cell>
          <Grid.Cell size={{ xs: 12 md: 6 }}>{item.email}</Grid.Cell>
        </Grid>

        {/* This will place the actions as a part of the layout */}
        <DataList.LayoutActions />
      </>
    )}
  </DataList.Layout>
</DataList>
```

> ## Filters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Filters
```

> DataList.Filters add filters to the list. This compound component accepts any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataList.Filters adds filters to the list. This compound component accepts any
```

Author: grammarly says no? 

<img width="922" alt="image" src="https://github.com/GetJobber/atlantis/assets/15986172/bcadc82b-076e-4b4e-8d3b-80ae69fee521">

Reviewer: Huh I guess that's a weird one...

In the sense that `DataList.Filters` is _one compound component_ that allows you to add filters, then it should be "adds".

In the sense that `Filters` is plural, and you are able to add _multiple filters_, then it should be "add".

Author: you're probably right. grammarly gets confused with new lines and code as english a lot haha

Author: anyway, it's adds now

> children and drops it above the list of items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
children and inserts it above the list of items.
```

```tsx
<DataList>
  <DataList.Filters>
    <Combobox />
    <Button />
    <Select />
  </DataList.Filters>
</DataList>
```

> ## Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Search
```

DataList.Search adds a search input to the list. This is debounced by 500ms.

```tsx
<DataList>
  <DataList.Search onSearch={handleSearch} />
</DataList>
```

<ArgsTable of={DataList.Search} />

> ## Empty state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Empty state
```

> By default, the DataList have a basic empty state message when it is empty or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DataList has a default empty state message when it is empty or
```

filtering. You can override this by using the DataList.EmptyState component.

```tsx
<DataList>
  <DataList.EmptyState
    message="Character list is looking empty"
    action={
      <Button
        label="New character"
        onClick={() => alert("Create a new character")}
      />
    }
  />
</DataList>
```

You can also add a custom empty message when you've filtered the list and there
are no results. Please note that for this specific empty state to show up, you
need to set the `filtered` to `true`.

```tsx
<DataList filtered={true}>
  <DataList.EmptyState
    type="filtered"
    message="No results found"
    action={
      <Button label="Clear filters" onClick={() => alert("Clear filters")} />
    }
  />
</DataList>
```

> ## Batch actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Batch actions
```

> In order to select multiple items and perform an action on them, you have to set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two steps to allow the user to select and perform actions on multiple items:
```

up 2 things.

1. Enable multiselect by adding a `selected`, `onSelect`, and `onSelectAll`
   props to the DataList component.
2. Add a DataList.BatchActions component inside the DataList.Layout component.

```tsx
<DataList
  selected={selected}
  onSelect={handleSelect}
  onSelectAll={handleSelectAll}
>
  <DataList.BatchActions>
    <DataList.BatchAction label="Send" onClick={handleSend} />
    <DataList.BatchAction label="Delete" onClick={handleDelete} />
  </DataList.BatchActions>
</DataList>
```

> ### DataList.BatchAction props

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### DataList.BatchAction props
```
